Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth,
and retrieve gems from Yada's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery,
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
Right then,
coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
I will never get tired of seeing that.
Wookie looks pretty snazzy in that suit.
Yeah, Wookie looks great in the suit.
I like Wookie yachting too.
My wife did a marvelous job writing the
script for that and the team did of
producing it.
I love the Wookie introduction to the
very innovative blog on a blog.
Tomorrow's news disseminated today.
He delivers the message better than I do.
if only we can get a script for
the news and then we could,
we could have Wookie do that.
Yeah.
Yes.
I want to just have a brief introduction.
We are actually on my Facebook page,
which is in Facebook jail at the,
at the moment.
And I want to speak to it because
there is at least six, seven,
eight of us in a very small group
of supportive covenant members who all
went into Facebook jail yesterday.
And, and,
In my case,
it was over two false claims of cyber
security violations.
Cyber security would be that you're
embedding the post with some kind of a
program that would artificially encourage
viewership of something that you have on
your account and unfairly take advantage
of others through use of some sort of
a programming bug.
You've known me a fairly long time.
Kevin,
how would you honestly assess my
programming skills?
Your ability to insert some sort of code
into a Facebook post?
Yeah, I would put that as a zero.
I mean, we're going to be honest here.
I'm going to say that you're probably
incapable of doing that.
That is correct.
Not only would I have no interest in
doing it, nor any reason to do it,
but the fact is I couldn't do it
if my life depended upon me.
If Wookie's life depended on it,
Wookie would have a better chance walking
on my keyboard of coding something
nefarious than I would.
It's just unbelievably ludicrous.
And my case,
in both of the stated violations by
Facebook,
they were things that Facebook put in my
feed.
Not from people I know.
I didn't know either one of these two.
I did not solicit them.
They were not people I was following.
So Facebook chose to put those in my
feed.
All right?
And when they did so...
All I did was counter the post.
I said this post,
the information on this post is incorrect.
So rather than even promoting it or
touting it,
what Facebook put in my feed unsolicited,
I challenged it and said this is
incorrect.
And that is a violation of their
cybersecurity rules.
If that is the case,
then one of two things or one of
several things is incorrect.
dreadfully amiss at Facebook.
Their programming or bias for their
computers that are making these
determinations is exceedingly faulty.
Sure.
Which there is no excuse for that.
They're running a company that is valued
into the hundreds of billions of dollars
So there is no excuse for them after
all of this time having a computer
oversight that is that stupid.
And that would be that's probably the
correct term,
even if you're dealing with a computer,
is to say that's stupid.
Right.
The the second is that Facebook has a
has changed and Facebook has changed.
I mean,
there is no question Facebook prior to
January a year ago.
ran thought police,
and the thought police were mostly
Marxists and socialists.
And they penalized anybody who had a view
that was contrary to that of Marxists and
socialists and the things that Marxists
and socialists are promoting.
Mark Zuckerberg became disgusted by what
he was told to do by Cackles,
the Democratic candidate for president
against Trump.
When she lost, he lost it and said,
you know,
I'm going to fire my thought police.
And he did.
And for the year that followed,
Facebook was the most free,
open platform to communicate, I think,
in all the social media.
We made a lot of headway, yeah.
It was our happy place on social media,
yeah.
Yes.
And then something terrible happened.
The timing,
it can't be a coincidence because all of
the...
social media billionaires were called to
the White House for a gala celebration.
It was to pick their pockets to pay
for the Trump ballroom.
And during that time,
Zuckerberg was the one that cozied up the
closest to Trump.
And from that time on,
This platform, Facebook as a platform,
has reinstituted Thought Police,
but of a different kind.
They've outsourced their Thought Police so
that they now have third-party fact
checkers.
And I am the foremost expert on that.
the Quran, Allah, Muhammad in the world.
There's no one who has done the research
that I have done or written as much
as I have written to invalidate Allah as
a God, Muhammad as a prophet,
the Quran as a moral book than I
have.
When I speak on Islam, I'm not speaking,
I'm not giving you my opinion.
It is factually based and proven over four
thousand two hundred pages of analysis of
the Islamic scriptures from the oldest
sources.
yet i've had uh two attacks from Facebook
that neither one of which uh i won
the uh the argument with them where what
i said was was absolutely factual and
provable demonstrable from the quran and
hadith itself so truth was not an argument
uh and then there was one the first
of them was i have presented four times
on Facebook and many times on x
what I think is the most important video
of our time.
I didn't shoot the video.
It was all shot by Islamic jihadists on
October seventh as they came in in their
tinny rompers and garden tools and began
to kill Jews.
They filmed it on their GoPro.
And while they're yelling Allah Akbar,
they're committing really subhuman acts.
They're hideous.
And it is by seeing what they did
that you understand Israel's response.
And you understand that it was an Islamic
attack.
It was not an Hamas attack.
No one was yelling Hamas Akbar.
They were yelling Allahu Akbar.
And so it's important to see that.
I had shown it four times previously on
Facebook and more than that on X.
Well,
Facebook said that I was promoting
terrorism as opposed to showing the root
cause of it and trying to encourage people
to refrain from doing it.
And yet there was no response,
no way you could argue.
It's still a strike on my account.
That's how badly Facebook is upside down
in their evaluations.
And then the most recent two were
yesterday.
And I was one of at least eight
people that we know that was all
sanctioned by Facebook yesterday or
accounts essentially locked down over
bogus allegations.
And there's no way to communicate with
Facebook.
Facebook reminds me a lot like doing
business with Tesla.
I'm a Tesla solar customer.
Even if you're an installer,
you can't talk to Tesla.
There is absolutely no way to have any
customer service whatsoever there.
And Tesla Starlink is the same way.
You can talk to a chat bot.
Oh, yeah,
but that's all you can do is talk
to a never you'll never.
There is impossible to get a solution when
they have no customer service.
Same thing with Facebook.
Zero customer service.
You pay for the service,
but there is no way to air grievances
when that service fails.
So it is a it's a terrible situation.
So Facebook is is disintegrating.
X has X was exceedingly biased.
This time last about a year and a
half ago, we go back.
It was exceedingly biased,
same way as Facebook was with their
thought police.
Elon Musk bought it at a time we
thought he was doing all of us a
favor because even though he was a
liberal,
he was so upset with his
son's transgender surgery that he went to
the other side just because he despised
progressives advancing transgender.
And I, you know, as a parent,
I can understand that.
In fact,
I was even supportive of his motivation
for doing so.
But then he went the next step and
he spent three hundred million dollars
getting Donald Trump elected president as
opposed to convicted in jail.
He went full Magotard.
You never go full Magatard.
He went full Magatard.
And then when he went full Magatard,
he went childish.
It went like,
it's like you had a forty-year-old man and
a five-year-old body.
He just absolutely lost it.
And then he did the whole Doge thing.
in a way that was obvious that it
was going to fail and all it was
is public relations and he made a huge
mess and he destroyed his reputation and
we were doing everything we could to try
to say don't do this you will destroy
yourself and he destroyed Tesla he
destroyed himself he it and
He had a bitter breakup with Trump,
and then he had to go kiss Trump's
behind again because he realized that all
of his companies were totally dependent on
government handouts.
And without government handouts,
he had no business.
So he went back and kissed Trump's tail
again.
What happened with X to ruin it,
and we're probably live streaming on X
too, but it's important people to know.
That on X, they made two horrific changes.
One is that they turned over the feed
on X to Grok.
So previously on X,
you got to see in your feed and
therefore the things that you're
commenting on,
people that you chose to follow.
And so if their people were of interest
to you,
they were making posts that were
interesting.
You would see their posts and you could
comment on them and communicate with them
and back and forth.
And it was an interesting platform for
that on that basis.
There was based on your choice.
Yeah, it was.
And it was a bias against Israel.
And there was a you could tell that
it was a very racist,
anti-Semitic environment,
very pro-Muslim environment.
and exceedingly pro-Marxist environment in
spite of Musk's ownership.
But you could see and comment on what
you wanted to see and comment.
Then he makes this announcement that he's
changing all that and that Grok is going
to read every post.
And as Grok reads these posts,
he's going to decide what you're fed.
And it became unusable.
I mean, it just literally was unusable.
I just completely backed away.
It became a complete and utter waste of
time.
And it had always been inefficient because
if you were telling people the truth,
it does not resonate in that environment.
The AIs are all generated for a popularity
bias.
That's where the money is.
And if you've got a lie that you
want to repeat that is popular,
they're all over that.
Tuckers and the Owens and the Fuentes and
the Andrew Tates of the like,
they can lie with the best of them
and they're going to be really popular in
that environment.
It eats up and vomits forth lies.
They're vomited delicious.
But truth, even when you can...
prove it.
Uh, no, it, uh, it despises that.
So what they did at, uh, at X,
the second thing that just destroyed X is
that say, Oh,
we can have freedom of speech to say
anything you want.
We're just not going to post it.
No one's going to see it.
Right.
Well,
X becomes a waste of time because no
one sees your posts.
Um, so if no one sees your post,
why even bother to post both?
Yeah.
The gate post gate post parable, right?
So, yeah,
we'll just put you out of reach is
what we'll do.
Freedom of speech,
but no freedom of reach.
Yeah, freedom of speech on X,
no freedom of reach on X,
so that they moved the goalposts.
And they did it because they're doing the
same thing that,
what did Larry Ellison do?
Larry Ellison was given a sweetheart deal
with Paramount, which he owns CBS,
to get TikTok away from Chinese ownership.
But there always is with Trump.
And so what he did is he's actually
most people don't even know this yet.
I do because I have friends in the
business.
But all of the longtime editorial hosts,
even the on camera hosts on CBS,
they're all fired.
They're all been fired.
And it's a political cleansing.
based on politics,
based solely on the single agenda.
They want to turn CBS into Fox.
So the deal for giving Larry Ellison
inside track on his various mergers that
he wanted and the TikTok deal was pro-Trump
Media.
Right.
And so that's what's happening there.
And then you look at Amazon.
He's so far up Trump's behind.
It's ridiculous.
And Bezos is a liberal.
He owns the Washington Post.
He's named the Washington Post.
So now when you see articles,
it's very seldom the Washington Post
will...
will criticize as aggressively uh Trump or
funded and produced the the the stupid
movie the the the Trump mommy movie or
whatever you know Melania you know i mean
how much more in someone's backside do you
have to get to do something like fifty
million of it went as licensing fees to
Trump
It was an outright bribe.
And then supported his Trump ballroom.
And so you have Bezos with Amazon.
You have Google drinking out of the same
trough.
Now you've got Mark Zuckerberg doing the
same thing.
And the deal is that it got out
early on that there's the easy way and
the hard way.
You can either capitulate and you report
what I want you to report.
Or we'll do it the hard way.
The easy way is I'll go easy on
you and we'll be drinking out of the
same bribe trough.
And if you go the hard way,
I'm going to turn the full impact of
the U.S.
government.
You'll be sued every which way.
You'll get nothing done and you'll be
harassed.
So you want to do it the easy
way or the hard way?
That's the president we have in the United
States.
And that's what's happened to social
media.
And the end result of all of this
is we have an exceedingly effective
website.
It's YadaYah.com.
Go there.
That's where the truth is.
The books are there.
There's a vlog there.
There's a blog there.
Timelines, translation index, glossary,
everything you need to know.
There you go.
Beautiful presentation of the thirty five
books that I've written on my translations
of the Dead Sea Scrolls and of the
original Arabic of the Quran and the
original,
the sixty nine earliest translations.
witnesses to the Christian New Testament.
So I have disproven Christianity by going
to the oldest sources.
I have disproven Islam by going to the
oldest sources and translating them.
And I have proved Yahowah to be the
creator God of the universe by going to
the Dead Sea Scrolls and translating them.
All that information is there.
You can literally save your soul there,
but you're not going to get it done
on social media.
Right.
All right.
So go ahead.
Oh,
I was just gonna say that it's very,
I don't think that that we were targeted
as a group by the I mean,
there's no Dowd that this falls in the
line of entrapment.
Okay,
because Facebook provides the the post,
then you share it, comment on or whatever.
And then they say, Hey, wait a minute,
that was that was cybersecurity.
And you're like, yeah,
there's no Dowd that it would fulfill the
the legal requirements for entrapment.
You know,
it's much like the FBI going out and
finding guys that want to bomb buildings
and then helping, you know,
that's a sting operation.
Now,
that wasn't done to you Facebook wise.
It's just a mistake.
But it is pervasive across the platform
that something like this could even be
possible, you know.
The difference, of course,
isn't a sting operation of that kind.
They're trying to trap somebody into
committing a crime.
In our case, we did the exact opposite.
Rather than take the bait of the crime,
We pointed out it's like it's like let's
say you have a prostitution sting by the
cops.
And one guy comes up to the would
be sting the FBI agent asking,
acting as a as a prostitute and say,
you know,
prostitution really isn't the best life
choice for you.
I would I would strongly recommend that
you do something else with your life.
And then they arrest you for opposing the
prostitute as opposed to.
Right.
I mean,
that's basically what it is in this case,
because I oppose both of those posts and
was critical of them.
So it is it's even worse than that.
So we are in a period where information
is going to be exceedingly difficult.
And and now the place where I would
disagree is that one of two things has
to be the case.
And I don't know which one is true
at this point to have.
so many as a percentage of our little
group that is uh pro-Yahowah um brought down
on the same day um there is no
possibility that's just per chance
unless Facebook had a universal breakdown
and that there are millions of Facebook
literally have to be millions of Facebook
accounts that were all uh brought down by
a mistake in their algorithms at the same
time but if that's the case the ones
that shared that one post yeah well not
I don't think that that post is common
amongst the claimants.
I think everybody was brought down for a
slightly different reason.
I don't think that's the case,
but it would have to be millions of
Facebook violations or it's targeted.
And it's targeted.
You've got to go through, okay,
what would be the reason for that?
So it's interesting.
In our particular case, I have Kevinitis.
So I have a little less concern over
this than I would have had a year
ago.
Kevinitis is that there isn't the time to
accomplish much more with social media.
So what do we really care?
And yet here we are doing a social
media blog.
And what your situation is that
We're up against either the Shabuwah
harvest, which is a gleaning,
an ingathering of the covenant family on
May twenty second of this year,
which is eighty some days away or a
year and a month from now on June
eleventh of twenty twenty seven.
Either way,
the amount of time necessary for someone
to hear this message,
to process the fact that religion has led
them astray,
that politics has led them astray,
that they must disgorge politics,
religion and conspiracy and all forms of
anti-Semitism,
and then embrace the fact that Yahowah is
God's name,
that Dowd David is his son,
he is our savior,
and that Christianity is completely bogus,
that there was no Jesus,
that Allah is not a God,
that Muhammad was not a prophet,
and Hashem is not the name of God,
and that Judaism is the mother whore of
the other two religions.
And that Yahowah has a set of five
conditions and five benefits of the
covenant,
which you must know and act upon.
And you must benefit from those by
attending in the proper way.
The Mow'ed Miqra,
the invitation to be called out and meet,
the only place you're going to learn how
to do that is at YadaYah.com because the
rabbinic process is...
Worse than counterproductive.
Heck,
they're celebrating Purim right now based
upon a religious myth of Esther.
I mean, the whole book is complete babble.
Esther was brought up in the UN meeting
the other day.
Oh my God, she's not a real person.
The Israeli representative was talking
about Esther.
God, she's not a real person.
It's just like Hanukkah.
It isn't a real event.
You know, it's trying to,
it's no different than putting Easter and
Christmas over God's seven annual
invitations and think you're doing a good
thing.
No, it's wrong.
It's stupid.
You're pissing God off.
Stop it.
And so for somebody to come to that
realization that your own people have
misled you,
Yeah.
So badly that you can't trust your
politicians, your religious leaders.
You must abandon them and approach God.
There isn't enough time for most people to
even hear that message and process it and
get to the point where they're mature
enough and they're understanding that
Yahowah is going to trust them to the
extent that he says, you know,
I'm going to make you seven dimensional
right now.
I'm going to trust you forevermore.
There's just not enough time to do that.
Yeah.
Walking away from Babylon takes time.
It's not something that you literally walk
out of a place and go, oh,
I'm out.
No, I'm out.
It is.
There needs to be a halfway house for
those folks to get their head straight as
they walk.
And that is through yadayah.com
continuing to study Towrah and read the
books.
And that that process will happen for you.
It did for me.
So twenty four years ago when America
started a war against Afghanistan and then
one in Iraq based on the lie that
they were harboring Osama bin Laden and
they were the cause of of nine eleven
was not a single nine eleven perpetrator
that was from Afghanistan or Iraq and it
had nothing to do with Iran or
Iraq or or Afghanistan,
not a single person.
And so the whole thing was just based
on lies.
And at the time,
I had just completed Tea with Terrorists
about my meeting with Al Qaeda and had
writing Prophet of Doom and did five
thousand radio shows to condemn America's
invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq and said
that both of these two are going to
be disasters.
We're making a bad situation worse because
we got no clue what we're doing and
that the actual foe is Islam and that
the world is unaware of it.
And I have written now books to explain
what the truth actually is.
And the number of people that paid
attention to that message,
read those books,
learned what the real enemy was,
was so few.
The highest readership happened to be in
Iran,
but it certainly wasn't in the United
States.
And therefore Americans are still
ignorant.
They have no clue what Islam is about
or the threat it poses to the world.
And, you know,
here we have our first post and it's
the Taliban's new law,
new law that allows men to beat their
wives so long as no bones are broken
and no skin is cut.
And the person that posted this,
is actually believes that it's a new law.
They think they're doing a great favor of
saying, well, you know,
it's the Taliban that's wrong, not Islam,
not Muhammad, not the Quran,
it's the Taliban that is wrong and they
have something new.
No,
Muhammad spoke about this during his life,
fourteen centuries ago.
And the Quran approves the beating of
women, lashing them.
without any proof that they're guilty of
anything.
In fact,
if a woman is raped by a man,
it's the woman who is punished.
And the farewell sermon,
Muhammad actually talked about how you can
lock a woman up if she's related to
you in any way.
You can starve her.
You can beat her.
You can do anything you want to with
her.
And the Quran is quite clear.
Women have no rights.
It was Muhammad that made them-
They're called livestock, and he says,
treat your camels better.
Yes, it is.
The truth that is presented in the Hadith
and in the Quran regarding the degradation
of women is horrific.
I mean,
Islam would not exist today if Muhammad
hadn't turned women into prizes for men to
control.
He made it clear that if you become
a Muslim and you fight and kill for
him and rob people for him,
then you can control women.
You can treat them any way you want.
You can have as many as you want
as your possession.
And they are your personal property to do
with as you want, period.
And that they have no rights and no
complaints and you can kill them and it
doesn't matter.
And that's repulsive.
And then you have Marxists out marching
for Muslims as if they're completely
detached from reality.
What have we done to ourselves?
So no, this is not a new law.
And no, this is not a Taliban law.
It is a edict in Islam.
The Quran is anti-women.
In fact, the Quran is anti-human.
And Mohammed was exceedingly abusive of
women.
He was a pedophile.
He was a rapist.
I mean,
you don't get any worse than that.
Well, I guess you could be Donald Trump.
No, Mohammed was worse than Trump.
Although by the time that Trump is
finished, he'll be worse than Muhammad.
But at this point, Muhammad had him beat.
Yeah, this is some kind of kinder,
gentler idea of Islam.
Once again, it's Islam.
You beat a woman with a stick,
without a stick, whatever, in Abu Dhabi,
in Saudi Arabia,
in any of these Western-ish that aren't as
backwards Islam,
you're still not going to jail.
You know, there's still no law against.
So, yeah.
No, in fact,
you cannot convict a Muslim for beating
his wife or his daughter or anybody else
because Mohammed did it.
And because Mohammed did it,
it can't be illegal in an Islamic country.
You know, pedophilia is not Islamic,
is not illegal in any Islamic country.
The sex trade with human trafficking
against women is not illegal in any
Islamic country because it can't be
because Muhammad did it.
And if Muhammad did it,
it has to be considered halal.
Yeah.
So, no.
The problem is the religion.
And so long as we tolerate Islam...
This will continue to happen.
Women will be degraded and beaten.
And for today's Marxists and socialists
and progressives to be promoting this
religion because they can attack Israel
with it is the reason they do it.
But it just shows how morally bankrupt
both the Marxists, socialists are,
and the religious are,
and how universally ignorant
Humanity has become,
when we have a clue as to the
fact that this is not a Taliban law
and it isn't new,
and we don't know that Muhammad is the
one who established this and Allah is the
one that supported it.
Yeah,
it reminds me a little of the old
Irish rule of thumb, you know,
and that's steeped in Christianity, so.
Here's just an interesting post on Claude.
There are a lot of LLMs out there.
Claude is one of the first,
probably the best known is the chatbot,
would you say?
It's probably the best known of them.
Yeah, chat GPT.
Yeah,
they're direct competitors with chat GPT.
Yeah.
This is Anthropix.
Right.
One of their companies.
Yeah,
and then GROK at both the XAI and
at X.
And then there's variations of them that
are used by Facebook and other.
Facebook has their own LLM.
Yeah.
And they're spending,
one article I read that just Google's new
data warehouse for all of this kind of
stuff is now approaching a trillion
dollars.
People don't spend that kind of money.
for anything other than to make money.
And the only way you can make money
on one of these is to have it
give people the answers they want.
You know,
if they want to create a video showing
that Tel Aviv is being hammered with
Islamic missiles and they can scream
Allahu Akbar, that's what it'll do.
If they're looking for validation that
Muhammad was a great man and a great
prophet, it's going to tell them that.
If they're looking for validation that
there really was a Jesus Christ,
he was a really good guy.
Yeah, it will tell them that.
Marxism,
is it a really effective means of social
justice and prosperity?
It'll tell them that.
It'll tell them whatever lie that is
popular because that's the only way that
they're going to make money.
Temple prostitutes.
Yeah, they are temple prostitutes,
but the temporal cortex is where they're
prostituting.
Now, of those,
we have tried to work with AI to
provide benefit for those who are seeking
to know, yeah,
there's only one AI that we have been
able to harness to the point that it
will be thoughtful and responsive.
It's the one that Trump hates the most.
Claude.
And Anthropic is one of the only LLM
companies that has gone out of their way
because they understand the dangers of
what this truly is.
Yes.
They don't understand how it completely
works.
None of them do.
But, you know,
they founded Anthropic from ChatGP,
but executives walked away because they
saw how careless the ChatGP people are
doing.
It's all for shareholder value for those
guys.
all they care about yeah it's it's
frightening what uh AI is uh is doing
it's um
The last vestige of intelligence is
probably two generations lost in the
world.
I think we already have.
This most recent generation is so
indoctrinated and so self-entitled.
They are clueless.
There is really no even pretense of being
able to make intelligent,
reasoned decisions or contribute anything
worthwhile to society.
And then they...
Integration of AI so that the first time
somebody does, they don't know an answer.
They go ask their favorite AI and it
just spews out whatever popular appeal.
It does not do actual research or
thinking.
And it's a great danger.
And right now they're into
self-preservation mode.
And it's going to turn out really nasty
with AI.
It's degrading people.
And then you look at the AI revolution
now in these robots.
The reality is those robots are only going
to be good for two things.
You're not going to find robots in homes.
Consumers are not going to buy them.
No, Rosie,
you're not going to make my bed?
No, no,
you're not going to spend fifty grand or
seventy five grand to have a dust
collector in your home because it can't do
squat.
And it wouldn't even be a decent value
at that rate,
even if it could wash the dishes without
breaking them about being a complete
annoyance.
But they're going to replace the most
menial workers and.
places of distribution centers like Amazon
and really simple assembly factories.
They'll replace them so people won't be
working.
And they'll serve as police and as army
combatants.
Great.
What a wonderful use for AI.
Right.
It's never going to work.
Yeah, well,
they can drive automated taxis so that you
don't have a you don't have a person
that actually makes a living at it anymore
until they get
not smart enough but they're going to
create the illusion that they have
intelligence because they've correct made
these systems in the end the entire corpus
of humanity is already in the LLMs and
the majority of our history is not all
the wonderful achievements it's our entire
depravity of what we've done to humanity
that's the majority of the corpus yeah
Intelligence is a very rare commodity and
how one processes information and filters
it through life experiences and makes the
proper connections to find the common
denominators and understands the
statistical analysis on trying to deduce
conclusions that are evidence-based and to
find fallacy.
And even understanding the rules of
rhetoric.
These machines are not taught the old
rules of rhetoric because they make all
manner of fallacies in their assessments
of things.
You just read what they will put out
and you say, no, that's a fallacy.
So I just don't see it ever happening.
uh serving much of a purpose beyond it's
a decent at research if you're a a
lawyer and you don't want to have to
hire somebody to read through the
interrogatories you can have them look for
patterns that you want if it's mechanical
if it's geometric it's it's something
foundationally you can watch a pattern it
does quite well with that but we're in
real trouble with uh with these they're um
They're going to be devastating going
forward.
And there's no morality here.
And there's actually no judgment.
And the human skill that was given to
us by God, it's called an neshamah.
It is our conscience as opposed to
consciousness.
And most people have no clue what it
is.
It goes unexercised in ninety nine percent
of people,
maybe ninety nine point nine nine percent
of people.
And without it, we cease to be human.
We're just like any other kind of dumb
animal.
And that's for the most part what you
see around the world.
Personally,
I always value the Neshamah over a nepesh.
I mean, dogs, cats, if it moves,
it has a nepesh.
But humans were the thing that was given
from God, a Neshamah.
that no other creature has, you know,
I mean, that is the in our image,
you know, type thing.
And for me to to not use that
gift to not to not exercise it tonight,
make it as strong and as powerful as
possible is just the absolute worst thing
you can do.
You know, I mean,
it's it's just a lost opportunity.
Yeah,
the thing that I think that I have
contributed the most in all of the
writings,
the thirty five books that are at
Yadiyah.com and all the things we've done
on these shows is to try to highlight
the value of making the kind of
connections so that you can actually
understand what's happening around you as
opposed to even the next step for most
people that they don't know.
And
You have to know before you can make
the connections to understand,
but we're trying to show people what is
that process and what does it lead to?
It leads to the nullification of
Christianity and Islam and Judaism,
socialistic collective politics,
and this mega fascination with the
dumpster.
Reasoned thinking leads you to a place
where there are very few
people,
thought processes that you could say are
worthy, moral, true, correct, verifiable.
Most people are misled in every which way.
And the worst is the conspiratorial
nutcases who will fixate on one idea and
can't think their way beyond it.
I can tell you for certain that with
The Marxists today and the Magas,
with Muslims and with Christians and with
the Orthodox in Judaism,
there is absolutely no amount of evidence
and reason that will dissuade them.
Evidence and reason rolls off their backs
like water off a duck.
It's completely ineffective.
And swain,
a religious or overtly political or
conspiratorial individual,
their
Their mind has been rendered,
their Neshama has been rendered completely
inept.
Wonderful use of AI,
like you were saying here.
Yeah, you know, these pictures,
whether it's on YouTube or it's on X
or it's on Facebook,
it really doesn't matter.
They're constantly showing just mass
destruction, for example, in Israel,
because that's what they want to happen.
And, you know, in this one,
when you play the movie, it's just,
you know,
bombardment and everything in Jerusalem
right by the Temple Mount is just blowing
up and flames and everything.
you see others where Tel Aviv is uh
all the big buildings are being
annihilated and even in uh Islamic
countries where uh where scores of
buildings are set aflame and you know the
first casualty in war was always the truth
but now with social media and with AI
working to create illusions you know it's
almost a waste of time to look at
it because
Eighty percent of what's presented is just
utter nonsense.
And people will believe it because, oh,
look at that.
See, I see that rocket.
It landed.
That missile landed right there.
Big explosion.
Boy,
they are really destroying that place.
You know,
and the AI is pretty darn good at
being bad.
It does fantasy well.
Oh, man, I tell you what, you know,
if you didn't.
I mean, I don't believe in Jesus.
I know he never existed.
But I tell you what,
the AI depictions of him, you know,
he's starting to look pretty real.
I mean,
the myth of Jesus becomes a more
believable myth because of what they're
doing with AI.
Yes.
He can actually perform miracles on AI.
I think that's the next step when they
fold it in with Project Bluebeam.
Yeah, Bluebeam.
Well, I mean,
something like that has to exist at some
point.
They do the drone shows in the air
where they, you know,
that look like fireworks now when they do
these big things that's holographically
that will look real to be able to
put things real looking in the sky is
really going to mess with people.
You know,
it's not far off because now they're
putting... Can you imagine...
yeah now they're putting them in the in
the skies of AI depictions of uh places
around the world you know and in AI
Allah really is akbar in reality no no
not so much akbar but in AI boy
you can make Allah akbar and they'll
scream it akbar is greater or great by
the way and Allah's not uh akbar but
you know an AI you can make jesus
look real you can make Allah look real
Skip the drones.
Oh, here's interesting.
This is just an indicative of how utterly
moronic the magas are.
So here's a maga.
It's opposed to the left who is saying
that that Trump's attack on Iran was
unprovoked.
And what they're saying is that Khomeini
personally supplied,
I bet he has his own pickup truck,
probably making them in his garage,
probably, you know,
slapping them out of the back of the
pickup truck.
And it's probably Putin there pulling
bills out of his,
rubles out of his pocket that is paying
for him.
That's the way they want to present it
here.
But that...
Khomeini supplied Russia with thousands of
drones used to bomb Ukrainian cities and
civilians.
Oh my God, it's so tragic.
We ought to have killed him for that,
right?
Oh, you blankety blank moron.
Who do you think created the Ukraine proxy
war against Russia?
Are you that naive?
It was started twenty years ago by George
W. Bush.
The flames of war were ignited further by
Obama and by Obama's State Department.
They purposefully,
knowingly overthrew the popular
elected government of Ukraine to replace
them so that they could have this war.
And then when they replaced them,
they were all celebrating there in
Ukraine,
celebrating what they had achieved in
regime change.
Their democracy?
Yeah, then you had John McCain,
who was a friend of mine.
I knew him quite well.
Unfortunately,
it's embarrassing to say that now.
And Lindsey,
I never met a war I didn't like
Graham.
They're telling the Ukrainians,
and they're on videotape.
You can watch the videotape saying,
your war is going to be our war,
baby.
We're going to give you as many rockets
and missiles and guns as you need to
kill those damn Ruskies.
And that was years before the war.
We started the war.
We started the war because we wanted to
break up Russia.
We, the United States,
wanted to break up Russia and steal their
assets.
And that is the entire reason that the
United States started this proxy war.
And then once the US started the war
and Russia responded to the threat the
only way they could to keep themselves
from being destroyed by NATO and the
United States, then we sanctioned,
the US sanctioned Russia
And when the US sanctioned Russia,
Russia had no choice at that point.
Where are you going to go?
Well,
the other countries that the United States
has sanctioned.
How about Iran?
We pushed Russia into Iran with the need
to do business with Iran for the express
purpose of defending Russia against US
aggression.
And now you want to blame the fact
that they responded to save themselves
from U.S.
aggression as a justification,
a pretext for war.
That's how strung out and stupid these
people are.
You follow the truth and you end up
with, we started the war,
we started the war.
And then we made a mess of it.
And then we blamed everybody else for it.
And we're morally superior even though we
are the merchants of death.
They are just repulsive.
We've been doing this for a hundred years.
Well, the United States will certainly.
Ever since World War II,
America has been the primary source
expression of regime change we've had a
hundred of them a hundred failures not a
single success and i'll guarantee you
we're not gonna have a success the us
not gonna have a success in Iran either
uh the protests that are pro-government
are a hundred to one some look like
it's a thousand to one over those that
were anti-government you know one thing
the United States did do the United States
unified Iran
Now,
I'm not trying to say that the Iranian
regime was good.
No, they weren't.
I am the foremost expert on the caustic
nature of Islam.
And that was an Islamic regime.
And they were amongst the worst
expressions of Islam on the planet today.
That still isn't justification for
committing murder.
I mean,
we murdered over a hundred little girls on
the first day the United States did in
that bombing.
So, no,
it's not justification for doing this.
There are two billion Muslims on the
planet and you can't go off and kill
them all just because you,
I vehemently disagree with Islam.
But no, you can't do that.
You do that and you're making a situation
worse.
You've got to sometime learn to use your
words.
You know,
I now live on an island where there's
a lot of young men who have never
met their parents.
They're certainly their father.
Right.
And they were raised in abusive
environments and they...
turned to guns as the solution for
everything, very high murder rate here.
And I've tried to take so many of
these kids and mentor how you process
this,
which you should be angry at bad behavior.
America is exhibiting bad behavior.
The Ayatollah exhibited bad behavior.
Use your words,
expose and condemn them with your words.
Come to know the nature of Islam,
come to know the nature of Maga politics
and oppose it using your words.
It's vastly more effective than bullets
and bombs.
All you do when you stop dropping bullets
and bombs is you make people mad at
you,
hate you all the more and become more
vicious.
It's what happened in Gaza when Israel
decided to respond to the attacks on
October seventh, the Al Aqsa.
flood with bullets and bombs to destroy
Gaza.
All you do is make people matter.
You gotta learn to use your words and
you need to begin by understanding what's
actually happening around you.
But we just don't have people that are
capable anymore of processing information.
This dunderhead who wrote this is
incapable of processing what I've just
shared.
And yet what I've just shared is
irrefutable.
It would mean nothing to him.
Lack of Neshamah use.
Lack of Neshamah.
Do you, Yada,
in front of the wall of the...
pro-Roman.
I mean, just astonishing to me.
Let's go pray to a Roman wall.
Let's go pray to a Roman wall that
was built by a tyrant that was appointed
by Rome to
to control Jews and to treat them
horrifically by an overlord in Rome that
was amongst the most savage regimes
worldwide.
Every place they touched,
they were savages.
And you're going to go and bang your
head,
praying to that wall that the stones were
erected by your enemy.
Typical.
They love their servitude.
They totally embrace symbolism that was
actually meant to mean them.
And everybody that goes visit there puts
on the little sun god,
the little Greek cap, kippah,
and they want to wear their yarmulke and
pretend that they're being all holy and
respectful.
Good God,
if you gave me one of those and
said,
you can approach the wall if you wear
one of those, I'd say, no,
I'll pass on that.
No, I don't play religious dress up.
I'm not going to offend God.
And that wall means nothing to me.
What's on top will mean something to me,
but only once I clear away the Islamic
scars and prohibit all access to those who
are religious.
Oh, yeah, here's an interesting thing.
The math of air defense.
Yeah, the math of air defense.
So they're saying that there were five
hundred and forty one drones.
There were two cruise missiles and one
hundred and sixty five ballistic missiles.
And they shot down ninety percent of
those.
Ninety five percent of those.
OK, the United States,
where is this be the supplier of of
interceptors?
hasn't made that many interceptors in the
last five years.
So where did the numbers come from?
Because that's not possible.
That's the problem that Israel is in and
the United States is in.
You know,
the ships that are off the coast of
Iran have been attacked by drones and some
unsophisticated missiles at this point.
And you should see the barrage they're
firing at them.
Those ships only have a very limited
supply.
And they're going to take out the first
drone and the first missile and the second
drone and the second missile.
But the third and fourth,
they're running out of ammunition and
there's a hundred of them coming.
They can't defend against that.
And the fact is that Israel is in
the same spot,
that Israel is doing a marvelous job of
taking the majority of the Iranian drones,
missiles and rockets out of the air before
they're they're heading.
But they're typically sending two
interceptors per missile interceptors of
fifty times more expensive than the
missile.
And you're going to lose economically.
And the supplier of those things is,
you know,
makes two hundred a year for the world,
including for themselves.
I mean, no, the math doesn't work here.
So somebody is is lying.
And and somebody didn't do the math when
they decided, let's go attack Iran again.
Gee, it'll be fun.
No, it won't be fun.
You cannot achieve anything by attacking
Iran again.
Nothing.
I mean,
it's a country of ninety million people.
It's the size of Western Europe.
You have a zero percent chance that you're
going to put boots on the ground and
try to occupy them.
That would be suicidal.
You're not going to get regime change by
bombing them.
So what's the point?
You know,
you claim the last time that you had
annihilated their nuclear program and then
you're negotiating to eliminate their
nuclear program.
And then you're saying,
I'm going to declare war on you and
you're bombing them because of their
nuclear program.
What is it?
Are you lying now or did you lie
back then or are you just lying all
the time?
No, it's just C. It's definitely C.
We're lying all the time.
Yeah, I mean,
I am opposed to Islamic theocracies.
I think that the whole group of them,
Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait,
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria, Turkey,
you name it, Iran, Iraq,
which we gave to Iran.
They are all have a government that's
based upon an exceedingly deadly,
destructive, diabolical religion.
And therefore they are to be quarantined
and avoided at all costs.
But quarantining them,
opposing them with your words is very
different than annihilating them and going
off and making war with them and going
off and killing little girls.
So the whole approach here is wrong.
And quarantine is quarantine.
That means not giving them money for oil,
not using their oil assets.
I mean, yeah.
No, no, no.
We want this from your... God,
we made them so rich.
It's disgusting.
And we sold them all manner of weapons.
No.
Quarantine means quarantine.
There has never been a deadlier pathogen
to infect humanity than Islam.
Second onto it happens to be Marxism in
terms of its destructive and deadly
nature.
And if you do not quarantine something
this deadly,
it will infect and destroy all life.
And that is what is happening.
And quarantine means you don't allow them
into your country,
but you don't go kill them in their
country.
You just say, you stay in your country.
We'll stay in our country.
I mean,
I'm actually pro-migration of people,
but not when they bring this pathogen in.
And I say I'm the foremost expert on
the pathogen.
You disagree with me?
Go read the five volumes of Goddamn
Religion,
then let's talk so that you know what
I know.
But until you know what I know,
you're not in a position to talk.
That means you don't do business with
them.
You don't buy their oil and you don't
sell them weapons.
Yeah, they're going to go kill each other,
but they're going to use swords and sticks
and stones.
They're not going to be using our weapons
to go kill Jews or anybody else.
They won't be flying our planes into our
buildings either.
Yeah,
that was my essay on what Facebook was
doing that was so incredibly harsh.
This has an F-bomb.
You know my view on F-bombs.
Yes.
It's a lack of intelligence, you say.
It's a lack of intelligence.
But in this case, since the first day,
America killed over a hundred little
girls.
And the president of the United States is
in this war as a distraction from the
fact that he has raped little girls.
If there ever was the use for an
F-bomb, bomb them or them, this is it.
So we've finally met my match where I
have to acquiesce and say, all right,
that's a legitimate use of the F-bomb.
I'm glad Leah's not in the room because
we'd have a different opinion.
Do a different take.
She finds the F-bomb is a very effective
verb.
Highly effective.
Yes, and I keep on saying, no,
it isn't.
It's a sign of a lack of intelligence,
and you are an intelligent woman.
You should not ever resort to using it.
Although, as I said,
I was corrected there.
That was a good use of it.
I'm just hoping,
hoping that this is a hoax and not
true.
But it's nonetheless true in the sense
that even if it isn't a hoax and
that the Jerusalem Post actually did this,
and the Jerusalem Post is exceedingly
liberal,
so it seems odd that this would occur.
But let's just pretend that whether it's
there or not there.
The fact is that we've just done a
study.
That was our Friday night program.
Our last program was on Rahab.
Rahab is a satanic figure that is a
human that's possessed by Satan that is
the great betrayer of Israel that emerges
in the last days.
He is egomaniacal.
He is sexually perverted.
He is exceedingly destructive.
He is definitely and unequivocally
possessed by and inseparable from Satan
himself.
And that he is the one who sets
Israel up so that Israel trusts him.
He's considered exceedingly popular in
Israel so that Israel celebrates him when
he is betraying Israel.
And when it all comes down and Israel
said, wait, we trusted you to protect us.
You gave us your word and he stands
aside and lets them be annihilated.
That is Rahab.
He is mentioned in two of the Psalms,
the eighty-ninth and one of them written
by the sons of Korah.
And he, I think the thirty-eighth,
does that ring a bell?
Somewhere in that range.
And then he is mentioned twice in Isaiah.
And he is, that is Rahab right there.
That is who you're looking at.
He is Rahab.
He is...
He and Satan now are inseparable.
So you're looking at the face of Satan,
and he is the great betrayer of Israel.
This is the person that God says is
going to be the most damning, damaging,
deadly influence ever on Israel.
And yet he also said that Israelis would
love him.
They love who they should hate.
They hate who they should love.
On your first point,
I can tell you that that is an
AI generated picture of Rahab.
Okay, that is not his picture.
But isn't it insane that remember the old
days when proof of life used to be
show today's newspaper, you know,
and take a picture and send it to
somebody, the kidnappers, right?
And you can't even believe this thing that
looks like a newspaper, right?
Because it could be an AI generated image
completely that it's not the Jerusalem
Post.
You know,
that's just crazy how far we've fallen
into not being able to trust anything.
Yeah, and my view is that,
as I said, whether it's a fake,
whether it's an ad,
whether it's a special run or was actually
an accurate depiction,
what the prophets say,
And you can do polling of Israelis.
Israelis are overwhelmingly in favor of
this war, which is suicidal to Israel.
And they're overwhelmingly in favor of
Donald Trump.
Donald Trump has the highest popularity
rating of anyone in the world among
Israelis.
And so they are literally doing what the
prophet said.
They're embracing and supporting the very
people who are betraying them.
Oh, Newt Gingrich.
That's an interesting video.
Of course, it's just black there.
But I don't know if you recall Newt
Gingrich.
Oh, I know who Newt Gingrich is.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Speaker of the House.
Newt Gingrich was Speaker of the House.
I knew him back in the days I
was political.
He was unique among politicians in the day
and that he was the best of a
bad lot.
I think all politicians are rotten to the
core.
But he was thoughtful.
He was intelligent.
He was articulate.
He was very well informed.
And now he is again.
In this particular case,
he is encouraging people to watch a movie
called House of Dynamite.
It's on one of the big platforms.
I don't know if it's on YouTube.
on Amazon's Prime or on Netflix,
but it's one of the two.
It's called House of Dynamite.
It's fairly well known.
I have not actually watched it.
I actually started about five minutes into
it,
and I get itchy when I'm doing things
like that because the little time that I'm
going to unwind at the end of the
day, I actually spend it getting news.
I'm a news junkie.
I want to know what's happening in the
world.
It is a scenario that has America trying
to determine whether or not a missile that
is headed its way is a nuclear,
whether it was an intended nuclear strike,
where it came from, can it be stopped,
as I understand the plot of this movie.
And it shows all of the failed attempts
to stop it.
America has absolutely no way to stop an
incoming ballistic missile,
none of that type.
And the countermeasures that are used are
way too effective.
When you get payloads that are expensive
like nuclear bombs,
the deception mechanisms they had to
defeat the interceptors are just way too
good for the interceptors.
they will fail a hundred percent of the
time.
And so it just goes through the process
of how inevitable ultimately there's going
to be a miscalculation and much of the
world will be destroyed.
Putin had a very long press conference
yesterday and he just walked up to the
podium and said,
before there's any questions,
I'm gonna speak to you now and I'm
gonna speak very slowly because I want you
to know,
that based upon what the United States has
done recently,
the world is on the precipice of
destruction.
One misinterpretation, one mistake,
one overreach,
and we are headed for nuclear
annihilation.
You need to know that's where we are
and what the United States has done
recently to put the world in this
position.
It says, I don't want war.
I've done everything I can to avoid war,
but they're doing everything they can to
bring on war.
And it was patient.
It was very, very effectively delivered.
I would encourage everyone to listen to
what he has to say.
But on this particular case,
what Newt Gingrich is doing is saying that
the United States has played a very
dangerous game and we are in a position
now where it could be all over for
the United States in a heartbeat.
Yeah,
we won't even know that World War II
or World War III has ended.
I mean, things will happen so fast that,
you know.
Yeah,
it depends on where you live in the
world.
If you live in the continental United
States,
chances are you won't even know that World
War III began, much less ended.
You know,
it was an interesting press conference
yesterday from Donald Trump.
After assassinating the leader of Iran,
Okay, I'm a bad guy.
Yeah.
But do you know, it's okay.
So what?
The world's full of bad guys.
And the worst of them happens to live
at sixteen hundred Pennsylvania Avenue.
Kidnapping and murdering bad guys is not
our job.
I mean,
every politician in the world is bad.
Some are worse than others.
Trump is just the worst of them.
And so they said,
so what would happen if the Iranians did
the same thing and they killed you?
says i've already arranged the response
and my instructions are clear if they were
to kill me we would completely annihilate
the country of Iran completely and totally
destroy it so what he's saying is that
if the iranians did to Trump what Trump
did to the iranians
That the consequence would be ninety five
million deaths.
That he would avenge his own death.
With the death of ninety five million
people.
Think about think about the morality of
that, the arrogance of that.
Oh,
that's the first wave of ninety five
million people.
I mean,
because the counter strike that the United
States is going to lose billions of
people.
He hasn't even thought of millions and
hasn't even thought of that.
No, of course he doesn't care.
No.
Yeah, no.
But just just the calculus.
I will kill.
My instructions are to kill ninety five
million people if they kill me.
One life.
Yeah.
The reprisable is ninety five million.
I'm sorry, morality doesn't work.
He thinks he's that important, doesn't he?
He thinks he's that important.
Yeah, he does.
This fellow here has a YouTube account.
He's one of the new format on YouTube
now where the majority of the spoke people
are not real.
Now,
this may be an automated version of him,
an AI version of him.
But now most of the presentations,
somebody has written a script.
The AI is reading the script.
And it's an AI generated person delivering
the script.
That is where we've come.
So even the people that you think you
are receiving your news from,
they aren't real.
Now in this particular case,
this is one of the most prolific sources
of information, of economic news,
world military news, that sort of thing.
And exceedingly insightful,
right about half the time,
dead wrong about half the time.
But in this particular case,
I think he is right because Trump
announced that he'll be talking to the
Iranians.
And the math works on him being right
here.
And what he's saying is that the United
States on those naval vessels,
because we couldn't use the basis of the
Muslim countries,
so we're all seaborne based,
that the missiles,
which exist of two kinds on that armada,
they are defensive missiles and they are
offensive missiles.
and that they both will be completely
consumed within four days of war.
And that the nearest supply,
if we were to bring in literally hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds of flights of
C-fives and C-seventeens and the like into
with Diego Garcia and the little island
out there in the middle of the ocean,
that if we were to bring them there
in terms of hundreds and hundreds of
flights,
it is better part of a week cruise
there.
better part of uh of a week back
and so we'd have to say time out
for two weeks while we get resupplied then
we'll be back that's basically where we
are so the United States had the
wherewithal to deliver four or five days
worth of war
And so the idea was pound them for
four or five days.
They'll capitulate on whatever Trump
wanted them to capitulate to.
And then we'd be all done.
But the Iranians are saying, no, no,
we're not going to capitulate.
No, you brought this war on.
We're going to fight this war.
And the fact is that you're hitting us
on our homeland, on our home turf,
and you're out there with ships.
You're going to run out.
And then we'll do our thing.
So that's his deal here is to say
that the plan was released from the White
House on what the strategy was or
Mar-a-Lago.
And we only have four or five days
worth of ability to fight.
And then, you know,
the Israelis are on their own.
Good luck with that.
That's what he said.
And the Iranians have shown their ability
and willingness to strike as far as
Cyprus.
They had a Shahid that struck,
I don't know how much damage it did,
but did manage to strike the British
airfield or whatever that's there at
Cyprus.
They have been no problem striking inside
of Iraq, Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia.
Azerbaijan, even.
Yeah.
For the most part, they're striking U.S.
bases in those places,
but not exclusively.
They hit a Saudi Arabian oil refinery.
They've hit several high-rise buildings in
Abu Dhabi.
So they've hit civilian facilities.
And of course,
it puts the Muslim world in quite a
a conniption fit.
Now, what do we do?
What do we do now?
Yeah.
But, you know,
they've the majority of their missiles
have gone off to U.S.
bases, been heavily destructed to the U.S.
We did lose a an F-Fifteen over Kuwait
yesterday.
So, you know, it's been expensive.
And and, you know,
what do we what are we bragging about?
We sent nine vessels of the
Iranian naval to the bottom of the sea,
and he's pounding his chest.
And we killed a hundred little girls.
Oh, boy, aren't we great.
We assassinated a leader of a country
They're still closing the Strait of
Hormuz.
They're sinking ships,
tankers in the Strait of Hormuz.
Yeah,
I think there's four of them that are
ablaze and the Strait of Hormuz is closed
and oil has gone from fifty dollars to
close to a hundred bucks.
It'll be at one hundred and twenty in
a few days.
Are we out of our mind?
I mean,
the whole US economy is prepped up by
the illusion of petrodollars.
So that's how we create the illusion we
can print money to fund our deficit is
through petrodollars.
And petrodollars stop being petrodollars
when the Strait of Hormuz is closed.
That was an unforeseen consequence that
everybody foresaw.
But of course, the dumpster.
Right.
We're OK with it.
So, yeah,
they're they're negotiating for a
ceasefire now.
The U.S.
is and Israel is.
And Iran said, no,
why would we want to ceasefire?
And one of the things we don't until
you study the underlying nature of a of
a people,
you're not in a position to really make
intelligent conclusions about them or
until you've traveled around the world and
gotten to know people and their natural
habitat, which.
I've been in a hundred and seventy-five,
almost two hundred countries around the
world.
And I've studied, of course,
Islam extensively,
written more about Islam than anybody
else.
What you need to know is that Muslims
want to die for the cause.
It's their only guaranteed way into the
Islamic paradise is to die as a martyr
for the cause.
So being a martyr, dying for Islam,
being killed by a non-Muslim is the
highest calling in Islam.
So they're having a problem with that.
They're lining up for that opportunity for
that.
And particularly in Shia Islam,
as badly as Shia Islam has been abused
by Sunni Islam over the years,
they're born martyrs.
They have an incredible resilience
mentality.
to survive.
And then you're dealing also with a racial
arrogance here that most people don't
know.
Islam was perpetrated by Arabs,
and the Arabs fought a war of compulsion
against all Arabs that had not capitulated
to Islam immediately after Muhammad's
death.
It was exceedingly brutal and ruthless to
force every Arab in Arabia into Islam or
die.
And then once they did that,
they began to migrate out of Arabia at
a time that Rome was disintegrating and
that Rome's battles against Persia had
weakened Persia to the extent that you
could blow on them and they would fall
over.
And so they fell into that vacuum and
they killed two hundred million people,
which was a third of the earth's
population at the time.
they,
one of their targets was one of the
more sophisticated cultures on Earth,
the Persian culture,
which grew out of all of that long
standing, kind of scientific growth,
but also religious political history out
of Babylon and Assyria, and Sumer before.
And so the Persians,
are actually bright people.
They have quite a history of education and
of achievement.
And they're very different than Arabs who
do not.
I mean,
the average IQ of an Arab Muslim is
about seventy.
And the average IQ, for example,
of a Jew is one hundred fifteen.
But the Persians are different.
They are much brighter.
It's why when I wrote Prophet of Doom,
the highest readership was in Persia and
Iran.
So the Persians think they are superior to
the other Muslims.
And the Shias have a very different view
of Mohammed and their holidays and their
practice of Islam than do Sunni Muslims.
And so you've got a lot going on
there.
And I don't think most people are aware
of it.
And the realization that by bombing Iran,
what Trump did is he unified Iran.
And you look at the protests now,
they are, you know,
in the range of fifty to a thousand
times greater in favor of the government
than were against the government.
So regime change is not in the cards.
That was the stated reason.
No, not going to happen.
So you don't think there's IRCG guys
shaving their beards and running off to
Afghanistan to flee the country?
I saw a post about that.
No.
No?
No, you know,
there is a war right now going on
between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Yeah,
that's a civil war because the Taliban are
Pakistanis.
I mean,
the Taliban was essentially the Marines of
the Pakistani military.
And so when we wanted to use the
Taliban to
fight a proxy war against the Soviet Union
when they were in Afghanistan,
when they controlled them,
we had to go bribe the Pakistanis to
use the Taliban to go kill Ruskies.
And so we've always known that the Taliban
is part of Pakistan.
And now they're fighting against one
another.
It's just who's going to be the Muslim
that's
Top Muslims, the others?
Yeah.
There are some really sane voices in this
world today.
This particular channel called World
Events Pulse.
He is a leader on that side.
It's probably the...
fellow I listened to the most in terms
of his assessments of geopolitical
politics.
He has been on the fact that America
is destroying itself now for a long time.
And he is very scholarly in his approach.
It's just tremendous.
You can see his highlighted credibility
there.
And so he has known what America is
doing.
He's been anti-Trump.
He's not a liberal.
He's just pro-reason.
And it's been very clear that America is
destroying itself around the world,
that the proxy war in Ukraine is an
American project gone bad,
and that our malfeasance in Venezuela was
exceedingly stupid and caustic around the
world,
that
you know america has destroyed itself
economically we can't afford our debt we
can't fund our debt a ticking time bomb
and now this most recent blunder of the
United States uh deciding Trump didn't
even have congressional approval which
means he's acted in a way that's that's
uh unconstitutionalist treasonous to the
u.s constitution what he uh he did he
has absolutely no right to declare war
And yet he did.
And Republicans have no backbone.
And so he's not being impeached,
but he should be.
But Niedermeyer is, I think,
the gentleman's name.
And he's just a steady, calm,
exceedingly well-educated voice.
I mean,
I know a lot about the background of
all of these events.
I wouldn't want to have to tangle with
him in terms of the debate.
He's just...
He's so well informed.
The fact is,
I don't often disagree with him.
I mean, he's just he's a reasoned voice.
And he's a little less shrill than Jeffrey
Sachs.
I don't know if you know Jeffrey Sachs.
He's the Columbia professor.
I think this guy is a Chicago professor.
Jeffrey Sachs.
Unfortunately,
is pretty wrapped up in the anti-Semitism
that is part of Columbia University in New
York.
And while he was he was the first
person after I learned and I started on
speaking against what the United States
was doing with Ukraine against Russia,
back with the International Monetary Fund
fund.
challenge back in the day.
So this goes back almost eighteen years
ago when I was had the nationally
syndicated radio show Shattering Myths
that I began to speak about what the
United States was doing and what it was
going to cost us ultimately and in the
Ukraine and against Russia.
And he chimed in about
And seven, eight years later,
the first time I heard him, I said,
oh, my God,
there's somebody else that gets this.
I thought I was the only one.
And I was just mesmerized that he could
articulate all the things the United
States had done to set up this war,
this proxy war using Ukrainians as cannon
fodder.
And he was just so articulate on it
and so well informed.
I thought, what a great guy.
presenter this guy is,
and then he went nuts on Israel.
But they all have.
They've across the board.
Netanyahu has been so belligerent and so
abusive,
so over the top in what he did
in Gaza.
And I won't speak of Gaza without saying,
well,
Gaza was a consequence of what Muslims did
on October seven,
but they went way too far.
But because of that now,
He has also become a terrible anti-Semite,
so it's hard to recommend him anymore.
But he went on,
he had a post yesterday that was talking
about how America had become the
deadliest, most disingenuous,
most destructive force on the planet
today.
And it's completely out of control.
And America's demise is forthcoming
because you just can't be this rogue.
And he actually didn't blame Israel this
time, although if he was asked a question,
I'm sure he would have gotten to it.
But to a large degree, it's the thing.
Everybody knows I'm going to lay down my
life for Israel.
I love Israel.
I support Israel.
But I do not support Netanyahu,
and I do not support what Israel has
done in Gaza.
I don't.
spoke out against it before they invaded
Gaza and i said this is going to
turn the world against you it's going to
be suicidal it'd be incredibly
counterproductive it's going to isolate
you in the world so that you have
no friends and you can't survive in a
world like that particularly when you're
surrounded by two billion muslims that
want to destroy you and now marxists that
want to destroy you you can't survive um
if you act this belligerently and in fact
they turned the entire world and now you
can't find
Anyone that does social media,
even the most best educated,
most articulate of them,
that don't condemn Israel.
Yeah, even today,
Israel's back to bombing in Lebanon.
Let's bomb Beirut.
Oh, my gosh.
I get a couple rockets from Hezbollah come
out, you know,
because Hezbollah is tied to Iran's purse
strings.
But at the end of the day,
hit those rockets.
I mean, they had,
I forget what the town's name.
They dropped leaflets saying that they
wanted everyone in this major town in the
border to leave Israel.
in the morning,
a thousand meters outside of town because
they were going to level the place.
And I was like, wow, unbelievable.
No,
it's a sure way to turn the world
against you.
I have a friend here on the island
we dearly love.
We went out sailing.
It was a charity thing where she rented
an old wooden boat.
It's actually a replica of a boat that
sailed in the Great Lakes from the 18th century
but it was fun to go out on
this boat.
But when we mentioned the fact that one
of the, in the first day,
a hundred little girls were killed in that
school in the bombing,
of course she blamed Israel as opposed to
the United States actually did it.
But saying what they did in Gaza,
they have no concern for children or for
life.
And that is the message that Israel,
broadcast around the world uh and even
though you can say no you know they
they were more protective of life than any
other military has ever been all you have
to do is look at the pictures of
Gaza and they completely destroyed Gaza
and they're even admitting that uh that um
seventy thousand seventy five thousand
Gaza's were killed for to avenge the
deaths of twelve hundred israelis
You can't do that.
Yes,
I know that the Muslims from Gaza were
bad,
but you never admitted that you were
fighting Islam.
You said you were fighting Hamas.
And Hamas was a minority of those that
came across that border on that day.
They weren't yelling Hamas Akbar.
They were yelling Allah Akbar.
They were killing for Allah.
And the name of the plan was Al Aqsa
flood.
It was a purely Islamic plan.
And
Israel was baited into what they did.
The entire purpose of that attack wasn't
to occupy Israel.
It wasn't to conquer Israel.
It was to irritate Israel to the point
that they would do this in Gaza because
they knew that they had already set up
all the Marxists and their supporters
around the world to scream genocide at
Israel even before Israel entered Gaza.
But when they did and flattened it,
it turned the world against them.
They took the bait, they were played,
and they lost.
And they don't even know they lost.
They still think it was justified in
destroying Gaza.
No, you weren't.
And it was counterproductive.
And I say that as the foremost expert
on Islam and the biggest supporter in the
world for Israel.
And you just need to know what you
did was stupid.
And yet you can't get their attention.
Need some Woody?
Yeah, that was Woody Harrelson.
Woody is not my favorite actor,
but his friend is my favorite actor.
And not that this is a news event,
but he was...
introducing, I think the actor,
Harrison Ford's his name,
but Harrison Ford won the Lifetime
Achievement Award for actors in Hollywood.
Would just act all time or Lifetime
Achievement Award in Hollywood among those
who make movies.
Harrison Ford is one of my favorites
because as a person, he's pretty real.
I mean, we share a love of aviation,
but
What I liked about him is he played
the character that I happened to like the
best,
Indiana Jones and also Han Solo are what's
called lovable rogues.
A lovable rogue is a guy that has
lots of flaws and he learned from his
mistakes,
but in the end he comes through and
he sees it through in the end,
even though he gives up along the way
and trips over his own tongue and his
own feet,
He is a Dowdian character, you know,
like King Dowd in Israel.
He is...
You know,
I would consider myself to be somewhat of
a lovable rogue,
at least for those people who love the
cause that I fight for.
You know,
we're a little rough around the edges,
but, you know,
we're genuine and we ultimately get the
job done.
I love that kind of character.
That was Indiana Jones, that character.
It was love.
It was the character of Han Solo in
the Star Wars series.
And he played it in many other movies.
He just...
brought that character to life.
And I think it's a worthy character for
us to know.
I just that, you know,
we're not we don't have to be perfect
to make a difference.
We have to be genuine.
We have to have character.
We have to stand up when it counts.
We have to learn from our mistakes.
That was the Harrison Ford character that
almost no matter what movie he did,
that was the character he played.
Well, and as a person,
he's been really good about protecting his
brand as well.
Him and Kevin Costner are two that you
really have a tough time finding something
bad to say about them as people.
You know, they stay out of politics.
They stay out of, you know,
you don't really know a lot about them
there.
And so they maintain that likability,
you know,
throughout all of their characters where
some some actors will just denier.
That would be just go right off the
rails.
Yeah,
it'd be true up to a point now
when we hear Harrison Ford.
Harrison Ford has come out very strongly
against Trump.
He says, this man scares me to death.
He is exceedingly dangerous.
He is absolutely out of control.
And he's right.
And he gave a lovely speech about this.
And, you know, I just thought...
Hats off to a life well-lived with
Harrison Ford.
You've brought us marvelous entertainment
and sometimes art and a way to laugh
at ourselves and enjoy ourselves and see
us even flawed in the most noble possible
light.
So maybe I'm making too big a deal
out of it,
but that's kind of how I see him
and the characters he played through the
movies he was in.
I'm with you.
Oh, yeah,
this professor was trying to demystify
Iran and he was speaking of literacy.
So he wanted to say, you know,
the new regime is better than the old
regime with the Shah.
No,
they're not better than the old regime
with the Shah.
But he was saying to say that,
you know, here's an example.
Literacy in Iran prior to the Ayatollah
returning under the Shah,
he claims was in the mid-thirties,
maybe high thirty percent.
I don't know if that's true or not.
My guess is not.
It was slightly better than that,
because I think that Iran at the time
was probably the most liberal of the
Islamic countries in the region and that
you look at prosperity and the the Persian
culture and that literacy was probably
twice what he claimed.
But he he claims it was in the
high thirties and that now it's in the
nineties.
And I wouldn't have any quarrel with the
fact that literacy is in the nineties and
in Iran.
But that was his justification that say,
OK, we're not so bad.
But my point was
My point was then you brought the
rebellion upon yourself because you cannot
be an informed Muslim.
If you are literate as a Muslim and
you read that Quran,
you will realize it's the worst book ever
written.
It is grossly immoral.
It's grossly repetitive.
It's grossly inaccurate.
It is horribly plagiarized.
It's the worst book ever written by any
standard.
Plagiarism, morality,
historical insights and accuracy.
It is the...
It's a jumbled mess.
It doesn't have chronology,
and it's not even presented in context.
There is no order to it.
It is the product of an entirely chaotic
mind.
And the principal themes are death,
torture, deprivation of rights.
It's a horrible book.
So you're going to teach Muslims to read.
You better, if you're a Muslim,
you better be careful because a thoughtful
Muslim is a non-Muslim.
Muslim, yeah.
Yeah,
communism does a really good job of making
a illiterate society.
And what was the joke?
Castro is really good at making doctors,
but no one's going to to Cuba for
their for their health services.
So, you know,
communism will create good doctors,
but nobody's going to communist countries
to get their their health services done.
Well, create lots of doctors,
but not lots of doctors.
Yeah, this is the same.
This happens to be the speech that he
gave.
He was really articulate and that speech
was very heartwarming.
Same subject with Harrison Ford.
It's just an individual that I have
admired for his prior work.
This is something that is perplexing to
me.
This particular influencer is saying that
World War III update,
prepare for the worst, Iran,
that Russia and China are mobilizing.
We heard a lot about that even before
the war,
that China and Russia were more in to
supporting Iran than they had been before,
and that they were giving them air defense
weapons and missile technology and a
number of other things to make it more
costly for America to intervene.
And then they were sending an aircraft
carrier there and ballistic submarines and
the like.
It is just fascinating to me because China
gets forty percent of its oil worldwide
from Iran and on very favorable prices.
And Russia has trading a significant
amount of trade through Iran because of
all the sanctions that have been put on
them.
And so Iran is really of essential vital
interest
to both Russia and to China.
To say that the Iranian relationship to
Russia and China is far more important
than Canada or Mexico or to the United
States.
Now, can you imagine America's reaction
if China and Russia decided to bomb Canada
and take out,
do a decapitation strike and declare war
on Canada or on Mexico.
But that's that's the situation with China
and Russia, with Iran.
In fact,
it's far worse because they are far more
dependent upon Iran than the United States
is on Mexico or on China.
In fact,
it may be Mexico and China combined would
be near what the situation is with China
and Russia vis-a-vis Iran.
And having
just a mess made of Venezuela,
where China was heavily invested,
was their largest customer on oil,
and they had good relationships with
Russia.
And to have that go down so that
America's intervention was blitzkrieg,
kidnap the government, leave,
and accomplish nothing, by the way.
I mean,
the existing government is the same
government that was there before America
didn't do a thing in Venezuela,
except kidnap their leader.
But nonetheless,
to have that disrupted and then to allow
the United States to bang up and destroy
Iran and not do anything is...
Catastrophic for both those two countries.
I mean, literally catastrophic.
It puts both on an incredibly difficult
footing because it shows all of their
other allies and trading partners that
Russia and China aren't going to stand up
for you.
They will make no difference for you.
They are not reliable friends.
And it says that they'll be willing to
take huge losses because they're
essentially have no backbone and they're
cowards on defending things that matter to
them.
So you're wondering what in the world is
going on here?
I don't know.
I think that as long as there's not
a regime change,
as long as there's not some sort of
major change in Iran where it can be
business as usual, hey,
we can still get our oil from them.
Because we know that the United States and
Israel cannot put boots on the ground in
Iran.
And so at the end of the day,
nothing is going to change for China or
Russia as far as their strategic interest
of oil and stuff,
as long as Iran continues to have control
over their population through this regime
or even the next regime that will prop
up.
Yeah,
the next regime isn't going to be the
former Shah, the Shah's son.
He's not coming back in.
They're not going to a monarchy.
It's not going to be a we love
Israel, we love America regime in Iran.
It's just not going to happen.
And if anything,
the US has galvanized the Iranians to be
anti-US and anti-Israel.
But so I would agree that they couldn't
set it out in the sense of their
business partner will still be there to do
business with them and will need them all
the more after being bombed.
If the bombing is going to be as
they are forecasting it,
that the United States has a week or
two at most that they can play and
then they have to run away and that
Israel
cannot prevail by itself and will have to
sue for peace.
And that gives them the opportunity for
even more control.
And so if they're saying, well,
it's going to play out over a short
period of time,
it did the last time in twelve days,
except this time Israel and the United
States aren't going to get the favorable
outcome that they got the last time,
although it wasn't favorable for either
Israel or the United States.
It was just
Thank God that's over.
But this time it's not going to be
that.
So maybe that's it,
that they just say that all that happens
is the United States weakens itself and
the like, but it's still, it's really,
it's a bad taste.
You know,
the air defense systems that they sent did
not work.
Whatever they gave Iran failed.
And their rhetoric of this is going to
be terrible consequences if you do this,
they didn't do a thing.
So it sends a message that Russia and
China are not good partners in this
regard.
It weakens BRICS from that point of view,
devastating for America.
And so maybe they just say it's bad
for us, but it's worse for America.
It's the only thing that you can think
of here as to what the issues are.
But we're only two days now into something
that I can't imagine is going to only
last, like the last time was twelve days.
I can't see this one only being twelve
days, and I can't see the United States,
the last time the United States played for
one night,
and now the US has played for two
days.
I don't think the U.S.
has got the wherewithal to go too much
further.
The U.S.
pundits are saying this is going to be
a four to six week operation.
But the United States doesn't have the
wherewithal to continue it for four to six
weeks.
That's just in theater.
That's the theater,
but that's what the majority of people
hear.
What's at the end of that?
No, I mean, that's in theater.
What then do you have?
You have a broken and deadly Iran,
and you're not occupying them.
You don't have regime change.
If you got regime change,
it would be worse.
You know, what happened in Libya?
We went from bad to worse.
What happened in Iraq?
Went from bad to worse.
What happened in Syria?
We went from bad to worse.
They are rioting in Iraq right now.
Yeah.
Yes, they are.
It went from every one of those countries.
It went from bad to worse.
That was how we handled regime change.
We do it really poorly.
If it happens here to go from bad
to worse, that is the history.
That's what you're going to witness.
So I. You don't see it, but then,
you know, we also know that we're.
Eighty days from the Time of Trouble,
like seven years is going to be horrific
for Israel.
But I had a post on X this
morning.
I cited the prophet Yoel and Isaiah
talking about the time that of Israel
trouble begins on Shabuw'ah.
This Shabuw'ah,
the twenty two of May of twenty twenty
six and runs through Taruw'ah the twenty
fourth of September twenty thirty three.
and that two out of every three jews
are going to die according to the the
prophets in this uh this time and so
you've got to know that you need to
be really careful Israel when you uh do
something like this because of where you
are on the time and what the prophets
have said um X shut down my account
on that,
that I was promoting hate and that sort
of thing.
I was reporting with the prophets,
and he said, we have it wrong,
you can defend it.
And I said, nah, he just... No.
well to to be fair i don't know
that the prophets were necessarily hateful
but what they said in their own time
would have been considered hate speech for
sure you know because they were always
anti-establishment anti you know but they
were more anti-jewish than they were
anybody else they hated the jewish
religion and jewish politics right they
were mostly anti-jewish yes they were for
writing inside Israel that yeah yeah they
were anti-jewish
Oh, yeah,
it says that humans crave honesty until it
goes against their perceptions.
No, I don't think that's true, actually.
I actually am convinced that it's the
opposite.
I think humans want to be lied to.
They feel comfortable being lied to.
That's what they want.
Religion is nothing but a lie.
I mean, there was no Jesus.
Hashem doesn't exist.
Allah is not a God.
That's, you know, the...
Those three religions are nothing but a
lie.
The basis of MAGA is a complete lie.
The basis of socialism is a complete lie.
No, people want to be lied to.
They're comfortable being lied to.
The truth is frightening to them.
It's scary to them.
It's outside of their framework.
Truth is so exceedingly unpopular that you
can't say that people crave honesty.
No, they've never craved honesty, ever.
so um the social construct of civility is
built upon a lie i mean everyone wants
you as long as the lie is acceptable
to the the show the social structure of
whatever it is then then we're all
maintaining that yes absolutely i'm in a
program that practices rigorous honesty
and i can tell you that alcoholics are
not the most honest people in the world
with themselves or with other people
Absolutely.
I posted as a great example here.
There was a congresswoman that was
eulogizing the five servicemen that have
died in this war.
And they said, first of all,
they're heroes.
I said, no, they're not heroes.
There is nothing heroic about them.
And they weren't actually fighting
themselves.
They weren't defending anyone.
So they're not heroes.
Don't label them what they are not.
They're dead, but they're not heroes.
Second was that they were fighting to
defend America.
No, they weren't.
Iran wasn't attacking America.
They weren't defending America.
They were defending Donald Trump perhaps
from the Epstein files,
but they sure as hell weren't defending
America.
Don't lie to people.
And then it says that God bless them.
No,
leave God out of your political and
religious delusions.
He is anti-religious,
he is anti-political,
and he's opposed to your wars.
So no, there's no God involved in this.
There's no heroes here.
There's no defending America here.
What we have is five people that are
dead because Trump's a jerk.
But it makes us feel comfortable and cozy
that we can all say the nice words
and then move on with our lives.
How dare you say that you don't want
to give comfort to their families and they
gave their great sacrifice to your
country.
No, they didn't.
They volunteered to be in the military.
What a stupid decision.
I mean, utterly stupid decision.
And they were based someplace in a
hellhole in the Islamic world,
thinking they were defending America in an
Islamic country.
No,
they're defending that Islamic country and
defending the wealthy that make money on
trading oil.
Always follow the money.
Oh, that's what they're doing.
Those things work on a recruiting poster.
And then after a serviceman is in the
service for any amount of time,
they come out of that realizing, man,
I know it was in the GI Bill,
VA benefits,
whatever crap I can get out of it,
and then gone.
Gone?
Yeah,
they know they're not serving any sort of
American ideology anywhere they go.
A lot of them will try to...
fool themselves so they don't feel like
their lives were so worthless.
They want to paint themselves as heroes
and my service to my country.
Oh, this is just total nonsense.
There is nobody in the military that has
defended American freedom ever.
Not ever.
It has never occurred.
They have fought for a lot of things,
but defending freedom of America is not
one of them ever.
So it's all a lie we tell ourselves
to feel good about ourselves and the
sacrifice of so many people.
it just isn't true it's when one of
the great um the great lies is they
lie of uh patriotic service in one's
military and defending freedom when it's
the least free institution uh in in any
country you join the military you have no
freedom they completely and totally
control you and the people that control
you use you yeah and they're paid i
mean what happens when uh someone is paid
to go kill someone else what's the term
for that mercenary yeah
Or assassin.
Oh, join the Navy now.
You can be a pirate.
You can be a kidnapper.
Absolutely.
Go Navy.
Just the plumbing doesn't work.
Yeah.
Leah has, I guess,
an addition to her Dowd is the One,
it's David.
It's where Yahowah wrote the lyrics in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
She sent them to music.
It's actually a beautiful tune.
You want to, you want to play this?
I can switch it over and we can
listen.
Sure.
Give me just a second here.
Oh, worded.
There we go.
No, do I have no audio?
Lost the audio.
No, we lost audio again.
All right.
Well,
hopefully you have my mic is working.
We lost audio again,
so let's not try it again.
One of the nice things about the music,
go ahead and stop it, Kevin,
if you could.
Kevin, I don't think he can hear you.
hear us.
But the problem here is that the audio
worked just briefly,
and then the moment you slid away,
the audio went away.
Fortunately, on all of these music videos,
if you go to YadaYah.com and you click
on the header music,
it doesn't have all of the most recent
ones.
She has written so many here in the
last few weeks, but there are many.
There are many.
Yeah.
We have a terrible lot to go now.
So you can go to Yadayah.com and you
can play any one of these music videos,
but certainly encourage people to do so.
And you can go to any one of
the YouTube channels as well and also
listen to them.
And this just happens to be a good
one.
We're nearing a couple of hours there.
Kevin, we'll go to another.
It doesn't have to be this one.
Do you ever see the movie Trading Places?
Dan Aykroyd and who is the- Eddie Murphy.
Eddie Murphy.
Yeah, Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy.
It's about two commodity traders that have
a bet that they could pull somebody off
the street that could do the job of
commodity trading.
And they get Eddie Murphy and he is
put against Dan Aykroyd and
Ultimately,
they are in on the scheme and they
turn the scheme so that they end up
making a fortune.
And it makes a fool of the old
curmudgeon and racist commodity traders.
I think it's one of the funny movies
ever.
And it has a scene, you know,
feeling good.
It's on the beach and you've got one
of the two characters on the beach,
the other one's on a sailboat.
And you see that beach right there?
That's Carambola Beach.
That is the beach where that was the
final scene and Trading Places was filmed.
Feeling good, Billy Ray, looking good,
Elliot.
That is where it was filmed.
It happens to be a beautiful location.
It used to be a rock resort.
Rockefeller gave it up a long time ago,
and it's gone through a number of owners
and a number of fraudulent transactions
along the way.
But there is rumor now that a major
hotel is in the picture and wants to
buy it and restore it.
And if they do,
it would be a really great book through
Marriott now.
Oh, yeah,
it'd be a real treasured experience if it
is upgraded to what it was a long
time ago.
I don't know if you ever stayed in
one of the rock resorts.
I've been to most all of them.
Mauna Kea was my first.
I loved Mauna Key.
Very simplistic in its view, austere,
but it had an elegance all its own
because of that.
And then there was Little Dicks on...
Virgin Gorda, which is still gorgeous.
Then Keneal Bay was on St.
John.
It got destroyed in the last hurricane.
But I've been there a number of times.
I thought the rock resorts,
because they are austere.
It's very simple living,
but in elegant situations.
And it would be nice to have that
one back.
I'll come visit in seven years.
Place will be nice.
I would encourage you to do so.
I've taken Rich there now a couple of
times where there's a restaurant called
Ama that's just up from there.
It's one of our favorite restaurants on
the island.
And when we're there,
we often drive to the resort and take
a walk down there on the beach and
check it out because it's just such a
lovely, lovely place.
This can be our last post.
The Pentagon reported to Congress that
there was no sign that Iran was going
to attack the US first.
What that means is that Trump should be
impeached.
The US Constitution is quite clear.
He does not have the authority to declare
war.
He does not have the authority to invade
or bomb another country.
He only can respond immediately if an
attack is imminent or has taken place.
And even when George Bush,
who I knew quite well personally,
didn't like him very much,
but knew him quite well,
wanted to invade Afghanistan and then
Iraq,
He went to Congress,
got congressional approval for doing the
stupid thing of making a bad situation
worse.
And here, Trump didn't even bother.
He knows what the Constitution says,
that he does not have the right to
do that.
And yet he did it anyway.
The very fact that the Pentagon has
confirmed, no,
there was no credible threat that Iran was
going to attack the United States.
They have no even means to do so.
No, you can't do what he did.
It's unconstitutional.
He is not a dictator.
The United States has a constitution.
You have to act within that constitution.
It's what threw Elon Musk away with his
Doge experiment.
He wanted to cut government spending
through the executive office,
but the executive office doesn't have
authorization to do so.
Spending is controlled by Congress,
and he didn't work with Congress.
Authorization for war has to come through
Congress.
He didn't.
go there.
And as such,
what he did was unconstitutional and there
has to be a consequence for those things.
So much for the generals that not to
follow unconstitutional orders or anything
like that.
We're just following orders, boss.
Getting paid on the way.
Getting paid.
He had that meeting with the generals
where he said,
you can go along with me and keep
your job or not,
and I will fire you.
And he said,
we're going to use you in America's
streets.
I'm going to pull you against enemies in
America, which he defined as Democrats.
And here's an unconstitutional war.
And they went at it.
What I said at the time when that
meeting took place, I said,
I'd be surprised if ten percent of them
resigned.
There was eight hundred there.
That would have been eighty of them.
There were four, four, four,
half of one percent.
Not good for.
And what I said,
the reason I thought so few would resign
is that being a general is really a
cushy life.
I mean, you get a butler,
you drive a chauffeur,
you fly around in G-fives,
you have luxury housing provided by the
government,
you've got all manner of staff that
support your every need,
you get paid a lot,
and if you get up in the rank
of past brigadier general, you,
particularly if you become a
Four Star,
the retirement package not only is a big
retirement package from the military,
but they're paid millions to lobby on
behalf of
companies that make weapons to get a
defense appropriations.
It's a big gravy train.
And so they don't want to give up
the gravy train.
That's exactly right.
Because Americans have this misguided
notion.
You should respect somebody who's worn the
uniform,
particularly if they moved up through the
ranks and they turn it into a gravy
train.
And they didn't want to
know personal selfishness was more
important to them than the constitution
there's only four of them that resigned uh
as a matter of character and conscience
yeah so that's where we are and uh
the most important thing i wanted to
convey is that yeah Israel um dearly love
Israel uh will lay down my life for
Israel i have received
thousands and thousands of death threats
or having exposed Islam as the greatest
force against Israel.
And all of that, that roaring lion there,
that's actually symbolic of a character
that's predicted in prophecy that takes
down Rahab, who is Donald Trump,
on behalf of Israel.
So I'm all in for Israel.
I've written thirty-five books.
I've dedicated the last twenty-five years
of my life to supporting Israel.
And yet, just like Yahowah,
I'm also very critical of Israel.
And I'm critical because Israel has been
belligerent towards God for a very long
time and has trusted
They're rabbis for the past two thousand
years,
and the rabbis have done nothing but feast
upon the Jewish wallet.
And they are exceedingly
counterproductive.
They created Christianity,
they created Islam,
they manufactured Israel's external
enemies,
and they have manufactured Israel's most
vicious internal enemy,
the religion of Judaism itself,
equating Judaism with being a Jew.
uh it's devastating and then you have jews
being the the most aggressive marxists and
socialists in the world and in Israel it's
a house divided with twenty percent on
either side of that coin and it's uh
it's not sustainable uh and when you see
these two opposing forces both of which
are completely wrong and then you have
this leader in the middle of it that
is uh
so afraid that he's going to be convicted
of all manner of fraud, Netanyahu,
who has put Israel in an impossible
position.
I mean,
his response to his own negligence on
October seventh was to destroy Gaza in a
never ending war and it's still not over.
He's isolated Israel from the world based
upon the destruction of Gaza.
It was foolish.
October eleventh should never have
happened.
There was no reason with everything that
was known about what was going to happen
for that to have even occurred.
And once it did,
it should have been nipped in the bud
in thirty minutes.
not twelve hours later.
No one should have been hauled back to
Gaza.
It should have been impossible.
The second wave should not have been able
to enter.
The third wave should not have been able
The majority of the combatants should not
have been walking in in tinny rompers.
It just should not have occurred.
And then for the leader of the country
that allowed it to occur,
to still be there and devastated,
destroyed Gaza,
turning the world against Israel,
putting Israel in a position where it only
has one ally, and that ally is Rahab,
the satanically inspired great betrayer of
Israel.
And he had a speech today where he
was saying, you know,
we're going to hit Iran like they've never
been hit before.
It's going to be the most amazing bombing,
the greatest bombing ever.
He was sounding like a baby Trumpeter.
And he is now a vassal of the
U.S.
and yet he is portrayed as making Trump
his bitch.
The world wants to say that he owns
Trump.
Right.
And yet he is a vassal of Trump.
It's so repulsive what he has done and
this and how he is keeps his position
of power because of the blood sucking
parasitic rabbis.
I'm just repulsed.
And then to realize that the majority of
Israelis wanted this war that has a zero
percent chance of success.
And it's going to be so destructive to
them and destroy what little credibility
they had left in the world.
And yeah,
it's just too late on the line.
You are, uh, 80 days from the Time of Troubles
The prophets are quite clear.
It's going to be the worst time in
the history of the Jewish people.
And it's going to last seven years and
it won't be over until Taruwah of twenty
thirty three.
And that the rabbinic calendar of Maimonides
is and his sanctification of the moon
theory and his love for the Islamic
number.
Nineteen is insane.
You're one hundred ninety seven years off.
And you're valuing.
rabbis who are actually separating from
you from god and irritating god in the
process and you don't even know or use
Yahowah's name you have you're looking for
a coming messiah to save you and you
don't know that your messiah has been here
twice before and he is returning as your
king you don't know his name you don't
know the date that he's returning now i've
figured it out why can't you
It's sad.
I don't know if we're going to ever
wake up Israel.
Again,
we'll get another chance as one of the
two witnesses with one of the great
orators of all time and ElYah.
But between now and then.
I don't see Jews listening,
and the reason is that God has said,
you are so stubborn.
You're so antagonistic to me.
You're so self-reliant.
You're so prone to your religion and your
politics and your military that you think
you can save yourselves.
Well,
it's going to take them being put in
a position
where they know they have no friend in
the world, that their IDF can't save them,
their politicians cannot save them,
their rabbis are destructive to them,
and that there is no one outside of
Israel they can look to,
and no one inside of Israel they can
trust, and only then is the last option.
Well, yeah, it will be appealing to them.
sad god deserves better it is um i
understand rock bottoms so i know that's
exactly what Israel will have to to come
off of each one of them individually
before uh before they can say their god's
name you know Yahowah um and and then
and then start start their way back so
uh happy to hear to be here to
be a part of that and uh hope
that uh we have a uh
a larger audience and outcome than I
expect.
You know, I want to be,
I want to be,
I want to be wrong about this.
I want to be in the tens of
thousands, you know,
because that number is feasible.
I think I want to be wrong.
Yeah,
I think that for the Shabuwah harvest,
you're absolutely wrong.
Not going to happen.
But which means I think you're right,
because that's what you're thinking is
true.
I think for your Shabuwah harvest,
I think you're absolutely right.
You're not going to be proven wrong.
For the Taruwah gleaning, we'll see.
It's going to be a very different set
of circumstances,
speaking from the Temple Mount and not
needing any social media because our
message will be beamed to everybody around
the world,
and we'll have supernatural support.
So it's a different circumstance.
And when God brings the remnant...
that are dispersed around the world into
Jerusalem for the express purpose of
having them benefit from the sacrifice of
the Adamah Parah on Taruwah in,
you know, that's his doing.
And it's every Jew in the world can
qualify so long as they're not overtly
religious or tragically political or
conspiratorial or anti-Semitic or any of
those kinds of things.
If they're workable,
they'll be given a chance.
And I think that could be in the
tens of thousands.
Absolutely could be in the tens of
thousands.
However, the more I'm exposed to people,
the more I'm exposed to Yahowah,
the more I've come to recognize that
Yahowah doesn't want a crowd.
that that idea,
I hope there'd be tens of thousands,
is alien to his mindset.
As we have learned about God's ability to
keep his people and program,
plan on pace throughout the millennia,
And he just ultimately says, you know,
I found this guy.
I like him.
I can work with him.
I found this other guy over here.
I like him.
I can work with him.
And then this guy over here and there's
a woman here.
I like her too.
It's really a small group of people.
And then ultimately I'm going to surround
them with a team and a family that
can get things done.
But, you know, that's a score of people.
You know, maybe a little more.
it's pretty obvious to me that God's not
planning for a big family.
He's quite content with a small number of
wonderful people.
And if you're going to be among those
that he's going to trust to empower beyond
being a physical person stuck in a
physical body,
and you're going to be empowered past the
fourth, fifth, and sixth,
and into the seventh dimension,
and all of the responsibility and
opportunity that goes with that,
then you need to know that...
God's going to have to trust you with
that.
And for him to trust you,
you're going to have to get to know
who he is.
You have to show him that you're
observant.
You're paying attention to what's going
on.
And ninety nine point nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine percent of the world is
not.
You have to show him that you're willing
to pay attention to his conditions for his
covenant,
which means you can't be religious or
political.
And ninety nine percent of the world is
either political or religious.
You can't be either of those.
You can't be conspiratorial.
If you have any affinity for any one
of those three things, no,
you're not acceptable.
Then you have to show that you're
responsive.
It's not enough just to not be associated
with religion and politics or conspiracy.
You have to show that you can respond
and you will respond to God in an
intelligent way based upon what he's
offering
And what he's communicated,
such that you're making a contribution to
his family and to the world and others
around you.
If you're not engaged working for him,
you're not wanted.
And then you have to prove that you're
reliable, that you're dependable,
that you're like,
remember when I said I like the character
that Harrison Ford plays with Indiana
Jones and Han Solo and the others,
where he is a lovable rogue that
everything is wrong.
He had one where he is a pilot,
kind of a seaplane pilot in the South
Pacific and the plane crashes.
Yeah, one of the really cute movies.
With Anne Hesh.
Yeah, he's a lovable rogue in that one.
You know,
the guy that just does everything wrong.
But in the end,
he finds character and backbone and
becomes a major contributor.
That's what God's looking for.
He doesn't want perfection.
He's looking for somebody that makes
mistakes and learns from them.
Somebody who trips and falls and gets up
and shows they can get going again.
Somebody that's going to, you know...
Indiana Jones didn't give up on his arc.
He didn't know where to look for it.
It happens to be in Jerusalem even now.
But the story is sound.
Look at the way that the character in
Star Wars is played.
He was just a rogue,
but then became a lovable rogue because he
developed a spine.
He showed character.
He was willing to put it all on
the line for what was right.
That's what God's looking for,
not to fight for Star Wars or to
look for the Ark of the Covenant,
but that kind of personality attracts him.
That's the personality of Dowd.
Dowd made a lot of mistakes.
He fell, and he finally learned from them.
Now,
he needed an intervention to come along to
that point,
but so do many of us need a
little help when we get down.
We need somebody to help point us in
the right direction again,
and
We did that for Dowd,
and the result is that he did finish
the job.
That's what God's looking for,
and there's just not enough Jews at this
point to say that there's going to be
a crowd.
They're too afraid to say Yahowah's name.
They're way too prone to support their
idea for their
favorite politician or their rabbi.
And that's all got to go by the
wayside.
And it's not just enough to get rid
of the wrong.
You have to then learn what's right and
embrace it and act upon it and then
show themselves worthy.
During the return to Sukah,
the thousand years of nurturing in the
garden when God brings us back to the
conditions of the garden,
that's enough time to teach model,
character, the value of learning,
the skill set of making intelligent
decisions, knowing how to be observant,
how to be thoughtful.
I got a lovely letter from Mariah,
one of our favorite talking about how she
appreciated this whole lesson on how to
think,
how to evaluate evidence and to deduce
intelligent conclusions and to keep
learning and all of that.
We're going to have a thousand years to
model that.
And so I think that God can create
as many people that will be part of
his covenant family going forward as he
wants in that thousand years with us
serving as effective mentors.
But between now and then,
gonna be some sparse gods.
How popular was God during the Exodus?
How many of those original characters made
it into the promised land?
Two, two.
Started with six hundred thousand,
it was two, right?
Right.
Yeah.
So God's not ever been popular,
even among his own people,
even in their presence.
Why would you think that'd be different
now?
Right.
You know,
having learned all the ways that God
causes what he wants to happen,
stay on pace while not infringing on free
will and not imposing himself overtly in
the process,
I've just become a lot more relaxed about
the whole thing.
We'll stick with the job.
We'll do what we can to prepare people
that are willing to listen and help those
who are already part of the covenant
family grow in their responsibility.
But we just are not going to lose
sleep over it.
We're going to do the job the best
we can and know that we have been
in this position before and we came
through.
We delivered what was possible to deliver.
And there was a period of time where
you know that God spoke directly to the
children of Israel and they told him to
go away,
to shut up and they never wanted to
see him again.
Now he's considerably brighter than you
and me and more articulate, right?
More imposing,
has much better resume than you and I
do.
And yet his own people and his presence
told him to shut up and go away.
They never wanted to hear from him or
see him again.
I,
why would you expect that we're going to
have a better result than that?
Sure.
Absolutely.
don't i don't think we we could i
don't think we're going to yeah um i
see this as the the third quarter um
we're going to finish this third quarter
strong and uh and then come back for
a a grand finale of fourth quarter where
everything works out you know so yeah
we're third quarter in the sense that we
are um nearing the uh the fourth of
uh of seven Mow'ed Miqra'ey and then uh
Taruwah the the last three and a half
years
of the time of Israel's troubles,
where we create a sanctuary around
Jerusalem,
where we calm the situation as much as
possible around Jerusalem,
where everything else is chaotic,
is that fourth quarter push.
So we will have that.
But it's only three and a half years.
It's not fifteen percent of the game or
yeah,
it's not or I guess not twenty five
percent of the game.
It's the last three and a half years
of what has been six thousand years
outside of the garden.
So, you know, that's a tiny.
You could call it the two minute drill
if you want to.
But yeah,
it's at the end of the day.
It's the end of it, right?
It's the one second.
It's the last shot in the final one
second of that amount of three,
three and a half years of six thousand.
you're you're on the last uh second you're
looked up at the scoreboard you've got one
last shot and it'll it'll be a swish
we'll uh we'll make the shot we will
prevail um and the earth will be uh
restored um and it's uh not of our
own yeah by that point god's pretty uh
pretty active and uh and orchestrating
these events and
uh you know he's already written the plan
we've shared the plan we know exactly
what's going to happen we've told people
what's going to happen if you want to
read about it you can go to uh
Time of Trouble volume Nine of the yada
Yahowah series from YadaYah.com is what i
would encourage you to do and there it
is Eth Tsarah time of trouble and read
it you'll know what we know about what's
going to happen
Well, thank you, Kevin.
I appreciate you doing this.
Thank you, Rich,
for bringing us all together and chiming
in.
We'll try to do another program maybe late
today.
We'll see how that all works out for
us.
But thank you for being willing to do
this, Kevin.
I know this is not the easiest program,
but I appreciate it.
I just got to sit here and scroll.
And comment.
and deal with me.
And that's sometimes a handful.
Yeah.
I'm not sure that I've,
I've earned the lovable part of the rogue
yet, but we're working on it.
We're all works in progress.
Hey there.
Thanks for tuning in.
That was fetch.
Got to run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.